Add private provider 2 (#2162)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/cloud-docs/registry/publish-providers.mdx

Private providers do not currently support documentation.

### Signed Releases

GPG signing is required for private providers, and you must upload the public key of the GPG keypair used to sign the release. Refer to [Preparing and Adding a Signing Key](/registry/providers/publishing#preparing-and-adding-a-signing-key) for more details. Unlike the public Terraform Registry, the private registry does not automatically upload new releases. You must manually add new provider versions and the associated release files.

## Publishing a Provider and Creating a Version

You must create a provider, at least one version, and at least one platform for that version before consumers can use the provider in configurations. Before you begin, confirm that you can access the provider binaries, public GPG signing key, `SHA256SUMS` file, and `SHA256SUMS.sig` file from at least one release. You will upload these artifacts in the following steps.

To publish a new provider through the Terraform Cloud API:

> 1. Use the [Add a GPG key endpoint](/cloud-docs/api-docs/providers#add-a-gpg-key-private-provider) to add the public key that matches the signing key for the release. The response contains a `key-id` that you will use to create a provider version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the [Add a GPG key endpoint](/cloud-docs/api-docs/api-docs-private-registry/gpg-keys#add-a-gpg-key-private-provider) to add the public key that matches the signing key for the release. The response contains a `key-id` that you will use to create a provider version.
```

Author: done!

    ```json
    "key-id": "32966F3FB5AC1129"
    ```

> 1. Use the [Create a Provider Version endpoint](/cloud-docs/api-docs/providers#create-a-provider-version-private-provider) to create a version with the `key-id` from the previous step. The response includes URL links that you will use to upload the `SHA256SUMS` and `SHA256.sig` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the [Create a Provider Version endpoint](/cloud-docs/api-docs-private-registry/provider-versions-and-platforms#create-a-provider-version-private-provider) to create a version with the `key-id` from the previous step. The response includes URL links that you will use to upload the `SHA256SUMS` and `SHA256.sig` files.
```

Author: done!

    ```json
    "links": {
        "shasums-upload":     "https://archivist.terraform.io/v1/object/dmF1b64hd73ghd63",
        "shasums-sig-upload": "https://archivist.terraform.io/v1/object/dmF1b37dj37dh33d"
      }
    ```

1. Upload the `SHA256SUMS` and `SHA256SUMS.sig` files to the URLs returned in the previous step. The example command below uploads the files from a local machine.

    ```
    $ curl -T local-example/terraform-provider-random_3.1.3_SHA256SUMS
      https://archivist.terraform.io/v1/object/dmF1b64hd73ghd63
    ```

> 1. Use the [Create a Provider Platform endpoint](/cloud-docs/api-docs/providers#create-a-provider-platform-private-provider) to create a platform for the version. Platforms are binaries that allow the provider to run on a particular operating system and architecture combination (e.g., Linux and AMD64). The response includes a `provider-binary-upload` URL that you will use to upload the binary file for the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the [Create a Provider Platform endpoint](//cloud-docs/api-docs-private-registry/provider-versions-and-platforms#create-a-provider-platform-private-provider) to create a platform for the version. Platforms are binaries that allow the provider to run on a particular operating system and architecture combination (e.g., Linux and AMD64). The response includes a `provider-binary-upload` URL that you will use to upload the binary file for the platform.
```
